Anchors define a set of reusable YAML statements.
Aliases refer to those reusable YAML statements.
That's why you almost always hear anchors and aliases together.
This is actually not a CircleCI feature,
but a normal feature of YAML.
First you define the code as an anchor,
then refer to it using an alias.
Let's take a look at how that looks.
Here, we're taking a look at the CircleCI blog,
where they describe how to use YAML anchors and aliases.
Imagine a scenario in your code where you're having
to repeat the Docker container and the working directory,
every single time you have a job.
Then let's say you want to make a change one day
to either the working directory or the Docker image,
you're going to have to go to every single place in
your job and you're going to have to make that modification.
It's just not a good situation.
Duplication anytime in your code is less maintainable.
Let's see how we can use anchors and aliases to dry up our code.
You can see down here below we have a section of code that is labeled with defaults.
If we see that there's an ampersand that is defining our anchor,
so anytime we have an ampersand in YAML,
it's defining an anchor,
and this is the name of the anchor.
We're going to be able to reference this anchor in just a moment.
But let's take a look at the guts of this anchor.
We have a Docker image,
which is our Docker image that we want to reuse in all of our jobs.
Here's our working directory that we want to use in all of our jobs.
Both of those things are being encapsulated in
this anchor that's going to be referenced here in just a moment.
We'll scroll down and we'll see more example code here.
Here's a construct to be able to actually reference that anchor.
We're using an alias.
The asterisk here, is actually the alias side of anchors and aliases.
You can see here this double bracket colon.
Then that asterisk defaults,
is going to suck in all of that code from
our anchor up above and it's going
to virtually insert it right there below the word build.
That's how anchors and aliases works.
If you want to read more about how they work and their limitations,
then just take a look at the CircleCI documentation.
Anchors and aliases don't allow you to reuse multiple steps in
one reusable line, but commands do.
You can think of a command as a predefined sub job.
A command is a lot like a function in JavaScript or Python.
It can take in parameters and it operates in its own scope.
Here back in CircleCI's documentation,
we can see an example of a command.
This command is named,
sayhello, and it has a few properties.
One is a description.
It's just something that's helpful to provide a little bit
of extra context to viewers as they're watching the pipeline.
We also have a parameter section, which is,
how we pass information into the command.
Here we can see that it's a string type and the default is Hello World.
Then just like a job,
our command has a list of steps.
Here we're going to echo the perimeters.to,
which references this to parameter and if nothing is passed in,
it's going to basically echo, hello world.
Let's take a look at how this command is put to use.
Here we can see a job called my job,
that has a Docker image using node version 9 and a list of steps.
In that list of steps,
we see something familiar.
We see, sayhello, which is the name of our command.
We also see a parameter with value, Lev.
When this job executes,
we'll be able to see the string,
Lev, printed to the console output.
As you can see, commands are an excellent and powerful way to reuse code.